[Music]
if it 's so real it was real maybe you
influenced the movie could not be
Some crazy man disguised as a clown does not
[Music]
it's a kind of monster and it's who
today I will cause injuries by paul son
because we're going for his life
today those dirty of death are a
threat
I will cause life with sons of bitches
because we're going for your life
in the house
[Music]
they are two stupid spits the game and
are lion blows to play your block today
do not square with my squad of the murga
Of the new
of the true empirical americas
synthetic diabetic pathetic your list and
as long as it's my way still and the
plate they see a bis sounding shorts
I represent double ho the same street more
dangerous that favela brazil the illusion
by the whisper are the birds but nothing
sold where years sound like in
voices of Cáceres as of things for
one hundred body in coma
Mexican speaks like St. Nicholas
crowned emerged and ironed
acapara hay funda cures resembles
darron in tallahassee searched as habilis
caught in the one that speaks in passing as
emerged from the bronx
[Music]
is what I have left South chutzpah to talk
but environments hurried to portray
tradition of thought related to
detail is intense of stories like
slag of maguire and be more
five thoughts together something serious
this is the connection as a dirty
Commerce
I'm going to cause life as a son of a bitch
because we are going for his life
[Music]
we are a threat
I will cause the life
tip cracking because we're going for its
lifetime
in the white house that tvc we are a
threatens long connects a lot with
these fuckers julia peace that
disaster which cyclone was slow is and
puta computed as the spine and
strangely brutally let's see the war to
the three crazy mines that I 'm seven
plates my notebook the corpses
products that this rhythm completes
I have happy of our listening keeps me
candela signed the condemnation we are owners
that of your soul keep it so real one of
my thousand missions rifles like pain are
so surrounded by hypocritical illusions of
taxes do not fit in the move illustrate
these bastards became part of my life
you continue with your sad I destroyed you
your ego with the clarification of out and that
it's part of my game and not so
alleged owners of the fucking scene the
plague management sometimes with the crap more
obscene the plates in matãas la agasp la
litter faca no rasca sound Basque
with masses for only pasta they think they spend
rhymes castrated the raspa in your the brand
slave this house you perhaps and the fax
for point-blank with a block is
destiny with to never return dead
ghettos keeps him alive in the micro
false points we left the swamps
with the 7 of the plague and the mixtures of
rugged surgeons in I open my own
eyes in their glasses fell dry mouth that I
break the neck that I had in the function
double h as muses and destroyed scenarios
as means we in russia the best means
to do a post summarizes the old
my brother's life exposes me in 8 with
gender times are from grau mi
baby who carries bushy rhymes in
santander game and the good and cheats
but classic before the stupid the
eminent clause to search for main
street
they shout to me a robbery while here
strike out if you do not even know what
I'll get you to wait for a video with
women and many bills will sell from
that you are not a good match to cooperate
breaking your records and giving you a shot
I am a witness of those who have
applied gtv will blow 7 carry the 7
sins
I am a witness of those who have
applied that you will sit that take you
the seven sins and today I'm going to cause
wounds and being able to enter because we're going
their lives
these dirty in the white house
we are a threat
[Music]
will cause joint tour ran for
let's go for your life
today is a dirty is in the house that
have we are a threat as is 2013
he's a son of a bitch near him
if my carnal the recent surgeon is
dog
[Music]